README.md, before:

# Zendesk Tweaker

## Description

This is a simple Chrome extension to help you keep Zendesk shared views collapsed.

![screenshot](src/images/screenshot-1.png?raw=true)

## Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for Zendesk Tweaker

Effective Date: 2023-12-29

Thank you for using Zendesk Tweaker! We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your information.

### Information Collection
We want to be clear that Zendesk Tweaker does not collect any personal information from users. We do not gather, store, or transmit any data related to your browsing habits, personal details, or any other identifiable information.

### Data Usage
Since we do not collect any user data, there is no usage of such data for any purpose. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we have designed Zendesk Tweaker with the intention of respecting and preserving it.

### Storage and Transmission
Rest assured that Zendesk Tweaker does not store or transmit any user data. The extension operates locally on your browser and does not involve external servers or databases.

### Updates
Periodically, we may release updates to enhance the functionality and security of Zendesk Tweaker. These updates will not alter our commitment to not collecting any user data.

Third-Party Services:
Zendesk Tweaker does not integrate with any third-party services that would compromise your privacy. We do not share any data with external entities.

### Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy of Zendesk Tweaker, please file an issue at https://github.com/tolache/zd-shared-views-collapser/issues.

### Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Any updates will be effective immediately upon posting the revised policy on the Chrome Web Store or our website.

By using Zendesk Tweaker, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use the extension.

Thank you for choosing Zendesk Tweaker!

Commit message:

add how to build info

README.md, after:

# Zendesk Tweaker

## Description

This is a simple Chrome extension to help you keep Zendesk shared views collapsed.

![screenshot](src/images/screenshot-1.png?raw=true)

## How to build from sources (and install unpacked extension)

1. Clone the repo.
2. Run `npm run build` in the root of the repo.
3. Open [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/).
4. Enable **Developer mode**.
5. Click **Load unpacked**.
6. Navigate to the **dist** directory under the repo dir and click **Select Folder**.

## Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for Zendesk Tweaker

Effective Date: 2023-12-29

Thank you for using Zendesk Tweaker! We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your information.

### Information Collection
We want to be clear that Zendesk Tweaker does not collect any personal information from users. We do not gather, store, or transmit any data related to your browsing habits, personal details, or any other identifiable information.

### Data Usage
Since we do not collect any user data, there is no usage of such data for any purpose. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we have designed Zendesk Tweaker with the intention of respecting and preserving it.

### Storage and Transmission
Rest assured that Zendesk Tweaker does not store or transmit any user data. The extension operates locally on your browser and does not involve external servers or databases.

### Updates
Periodically, we may release updates to enhance the functionality and security of Zendesk Tweaker. These updates will not alter our commitment to not collecting any user data.

Third-Party Services:
Zendesk Tweaker does not integrate with any third-party services that would compromise your privacy. We do not share any data with external entities.

### Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy of Zendesk Tweaker, please file an issue at https://github.com/tolache/zd-shared-views-collapser/issues.

### Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect changes in our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Any updates will be effective immediately upon posting the revised policy on the Chrome Web Store or our website.

By using Zendesk Tweaker, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use the extension.

Thank you for choosing Zendesk Tweaker!
